HAVE NO IDEA HOW LONG IT WAS.
I WOKE UP AGAIN.
LOOKING AROUND.
>> Reporter: ONCE AGAIN, CORY
SAYS HEIDI WAS NOWHERE TO BE
FOUND.
HE LOOK AROUND FOR HER.
BUT SHE WAS GONE.
THEN, HE STEPPED OUT ON TO THE
BALCONY.
>> Reporter: I LOOK DOWN.
AND I SAW HER LEGS.
I RAN DOWN THE STEPS.
THAT'S WHERE I FOUND HER,
UNCONSCIOUS, BLOODY, FROM HER
MOUTH AND HER HEAD.
>> Reporter: HE SCREAMED FOR
HELP.
AND THE RESORT DOCTOR CALLED
911.
CORY SAYS THE HOSPITAL WANTED
$4,000 PAID UP FRONT BEFORE
HEIDI COULD GET STITCHES AND AN
X-RAY.
THEY PAID FOR HER TREATMENT AND
HEADED HOME FOR WISCONSIN TWO
DAYS LATER.
IN MEXICO, DOCTORS SAID HEIDI
HAD A HIDE BRAIN TRAUMA.
BACK HOME, SHE LEARNED HER
CONDITION WAS MORE SERIOUS.
>> THEY HAD TAKEN ME FOR THE
C.A.T. SCAN.
>> Reporter: TURNS OUT, HEIDI
HAD A FRACTURED SKULL AND BRUISE
BRUISING ON HER BRAIN.
SHE HEALED.
HOW HEIDI WOUND UP OUTSIDE THEIR
ROOM REMAINED A MYSTERY.
>> I THOUGHT IT WAS A FREAK
ACCIDENT.
YOU KNOW?
AT THE TIME.
>> Reporter: AND THEN, NINE
MONTHS LATER, THEY CAME ACROSS
AN ARTICLE, BY RAQUEL RUTTER
WILL OF THE MILWAUKEE SENTINEL.
THE STORY WAS ABOUT THE DEATH OF
A YOUNG WOMAN.
THAT WOMAN, TOO, BLACKED OUT.
THE JOURNAL SENTINEL REPORTED
THEY HEARD FROM 100 TRAVELERS
THAT SAY THEY HAD GONE OUT AND
BLACKED OUT, AFTER DRINKING
MODERATE AMOUNTS OF ALCOHOL.
>> WHAT WE HAD AND HOW I WAS
FEELING, THERE IS NOT A CHANCE
IT WAS NORMAL.
>> Reporter: THE MEXICAN
GOVERNMENT DOESN'T DENY IT HAS
HAD ISSUES WITH ALCOHOL SAFETY.
>> THROUGHOUT THE YEARS, THERE'S
BEEN PROBLEMS WITH TAINTED
ALCOHOL.
BUT THE INVESTIGATIONS THAT WERE
SUGGESTED BY STATE AND FEDERAL
AUTHORITIES IN GENERAL, HAVE NOT
FOUND ANY PROBLEMS WITH TAINTED
ALCOHOL.
>> Reporter: IN JULY, THE U.S.
STATE DEPARTMENT NOTED
ALLEGATIONS OF TAINTED ALCOHOL
ON ITS MEXICO WEB PAGE.
BUT RON JOHNSON WANTS THE STATE
DEPARTMENT TO DO MORE.
>> PEOPLE HAVE COME OUT OF THE
WOODWORK THAT HAD SIMILAR
SYMPTOMS.
THIS ISN'T AN ISOLATED
INCIDENCE.
THIS IS A PATTERN.
AND IT'S A DISTURBING PATTERN.
>> Reporter: FOR THE SORUMS,
THOUGH, IT STILL LINGERS.
>> IT MAKES ME ANGRY TO KNOW
THAT WE GO THERE FOR A GOOD TIME
AND OTHER PEOPLE HAD OTHER
INTENTIONS.
>> WE WILL BE RIGHT BACK.
FOR MORE ON THEIR
Are cream conditioners bringing your hair down?
Switch to new Pantene light as air Foam Conditioner,
full of rich Pro-V nutrients.
For 100% conditioning,
0% weight
New Pantene Foam Conditioner.
Discover Caress...
...with Floral Fusion Oil.
For caressable Soft Skin...
...indulge in the rich lather...
...and delicate scent.
Pamper yourself.
[background music]
Get Caressably soft skin.
With Caress.
*
Give Extra. Get extra.
Just press CLEAN